## sortinghat 0.14.0 - (2023-10-20)

**New features:**

 * Strict criteria for merge recommendations (#812)\
   The merge recommendations filter out invalid email adresses and names
   that don't have at least a first and last name  when looking for
   matches. To disable this behavior, set the `strict` parameter on
   `recommendMatches` or `unify` to `false`.
 * Text field to update enrollment dates (#819)\
   Users have the option to enter the dates on a text field when editing
   affiliations.
 * Improved organization selector (#820)\
   The organization selector that is used to affiliate individuals now
   has the option to create an organization if the desired one is not
   found. Its size is also increased to improve the readability of longer
   names.
 * API method to create a scheduled task\
   The `add_scheduled_task` API method adds a new scheduled task to the
   registry.
 * Manage app settings from the user interface\
   Users can configure automatic affiliations, profile unification and
   identity data synchronization from the new `Settings` section on the
   user interface.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Remove tasks that fail to be scheduled\
   When there was an issue with the Redis connection when a task was
   created, the task was added to the database but there was not
   scheduled job linked to it. Tasks are  now removed from the database
   and an error is raised in this case.

**Dependencies updateds:**

 * Add Python 3.9 and drop 3.7 support\
   Python 3.7 reached the end of life phase on June 27 2023 and is no
   longer supported.

