## sortinghat 1.11.0 - (2025-09-23)

**New features:**

 * Recommendations based on GitHub-generated email addresses (#867)\
   Merge recommendations can now match GitHub profiles to GitHub-
   generated emails (<username>@users.noreply.github.com). Individuals
   can also be automatically unified with this criteria.
 * Increased minimum version for Python to 3.10\
   Python 3.9 reaches the end of life in October 2025. This means it
   won't receive new updates or patches to fix security issues.
   GrimoireLab supports Python 3.10 and higher from now on.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Enforce merge recommendation integrity (#993)\
   Ensure merge recommendations are unique between individuals and
   prevent creating recommmendations with the same individual.
 * Automatic affiliation fixed and reduced results (#994)\
   Fixes a bug that caused running the affiliate process to overwrite
   existing affiliation dates. Now, the job result only includes
   individuals who were newly affiliated.
 * Unavailable Individuals in Recommendations\
   Recommendations now handle cases where an individual has been removed
   or merged, preventing errors when creating new recommendations.
 * Django static files configuration\
   Update the Django STORAGES setting for static files, ensuring
   compatibility with Django 5.2.

**Performance improvements:**

 * SortingHat API slow due to changelog information\
   Improve SortingHat API performance by adding an index to the
   transactions table in the database.
 * Oraganizations endpoint performance improvement\
   Improve the performance of the organizations endpoint, reducing the
   loading time of the organizations table

