## sortinghat 1.4.0-rc.1 - (2024-09-20)

**New features:**

 * Less distracting main identity indicator (#920)\
   The star icon that marked an individual's main identity was
   distracting and potentially misleading for users. It has changed to a
   more subtle indicator since it is not relevant for most users.
 * Redirect to the original URL after log in (#925)\
   Users are now redirected to the page they originally requested after
   they log in.
 * Merge organizations when adding an alias\
   Users now have the option to merge the organizations when adding an
   alias that already exists on the "Edit organization" dialog. That
   option was only previously available at the organization's detail
   page.
 * Customizable trusted sources for username matching\
   Enable customization of trusted sources for username matching in
   settings. This feature allows to define and manage the trusted data
   sources for username matching from the configuration.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Users permissions migrated (#849)\
   User permissions are stored in a separate table within the database.
   These permissions will be automatically migrated when running
   `sortinghat-admin upgrade`.
 * Update workspace when identities are split (#919)\
   When an individual's identities are split, they are shown in the
   workspace, but they were only shown the first time. The workspace is
   now updated with the new individuals every time.

**Dependencies updateds:**

 * Python minimum version updated\
   Python 3.8 will reach its end of life in October 2024. Python 3.9 is
   the minimum version required by the project. Update the Docker images
   to use Python 3.9.

